Fixes `page clientsidewebpart add` for the vertical sections. Closes #6265 (#6566)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/page/page-clientsidewebpart-add.mdx

: JSON string with web part data as retrieved from the web part maintenance mode. Specify either `webPartProperties` or `webPartData` but not both.

`--section [section]`
: Number of the section to which the web part should be added (1 or higher). Specify `section` or `verticalSection` but not both.

`--column [column]`

> : Number of the column in which the web part should be added (1 or higher). Specify `column` or `verticalSection` but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Number of the column in which the web part should be added (1 or higher). Use `column` in combination with `section`, not with `verticalSection`.
```
